Bugfix broken links Arun 31-40 (#1923)
Codecademy/docs: content/css/concepts/cursor/cursor.md

## Example

> In the example below, a `pointer` hand will appear whenever the cursor hovers over the [paragraph](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/markdown/paragraphs):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, a `pointer` hand will appear whenever the cursor hovers over the [paragraph](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/p):
```
